So in the last lecture we try to improve our application a bit more.
But the issue is Orrick where the parameters are gone and whenever we navigate away from our single
server component to the edits or component for example we want to preserve them because we already set
this information at the point of time we visit a single server.
Now we want to preserve this information once you navigate one step further to the edit server component
to preserve that information.
We get a simple way of doing so any server component where we navigate we can pass a number property
or add number property to a javascript object we use to configure our navigation.
And here we get the query perms handling property.
Now query permis handling takes a string as a value and this could be merge to merge our old query perhaps
with any new we might add here and we don't add any new ones.
So we can simply choose preserve instead and preserve which will override the default behavior which
is to simply drop them and make sure that the old ones are capped.
Now if we were to add new ones here the old ones would actually override the new ones.
So we should use merge in this case.
But since we don't add new ones preserve should make sure that we don't lose them.
So now if you click on this again and click Edit server now you'll see allow added equal to zero is
still set and therefore on the server where it is set to 1 if you click Edit server we do see the edit
menu again.
So Querrey perms handling here super important super useful to know to make sure you don't leave the
information you had before.